docs/api/common/discovery.md, before:

## Discovery

CLASP favors **zero‑config discovery** when possible, with explicit configuration as a reliable fallback.

### LAN Discovery

Typical discovery mechanisms include:

- **mDNS/Bonjour**: `_clasp._tcp.local` service for routers on the local network.
- **UDP broadcast**: A simple discovery frame on a well‑known port (e.g. `7331`).

Routers and desktop tools can advertise themselves over mDNS and/or UDP; embedded and browser clients then:

1. Discover available routers.
2. Present choices to the user or auto‑select based on policy.

### WAN Discovery (Rendezvous)

For devices across the internet, CLASP provides a **rendezvous server** for WAN discovery:

- **REST API**: Register, discover, refresh, and unregister devices via HTTP.
- **Automatic keepalive**: Clients automatically refresh their registration before TTL expires.
- **Tag filtering**: Discover devices by tag (e.g., "studio", "live", "dev").

#### Rendezvous Configuration

```rust
use clasp_discovery::{Discovery, DiscoveryConfig, DeviceRegistration};
use std::time::Duration;

let config = DiscoveryConfig {
    mdns: true,
    broadcast: true,
    rendezvous_url: Some("https://rendezvous.example.com".into()),
    rendezvous_refresh_interval: Duration::from_secs(120), // Refresh every 2 minutes
    rendezvous_tag: Some("studio".into()), // Filter by tag
    ..Default::default()
};

let mut discovery = Discovery::with_config(config);

// Register this device with the rendezvous server
discovery.register_with_rendezvous(DeviceRegistration {
    name: "My Device".into(),
    endpoints: [("ws".into(), "wss://my-device.local:7330".into())].into(),
    tags: vec!["studio".into()],
    ..Default::default()
});
```

#### Cascade Discovery

Use `discover_all()` to try all discovery methods in sequence:

```rust
// Tries: mDNS → broadcast → rendezvous
let devices = discovery.discover_all().await?;
```

Or use `discover_wan()` for rendezvous-only discovery:

```rust
let wan_devices = discovery.discover_wan().await?;
```

### Browser Considerations

Browsers cannot do raw mDNS or arbitrary UDP:

- Browser clients usually connect to a known WebSocket endpoint (`wss://host:7330/clasp`).
- A separate discovery UI or rendezvous service can provide that endpoint.
- The rendezvous REST API is browser-accessible via fetch/XHR.

### Manual Configuration

For constrained or locked‑down environments (corporate networks, WAN scenarios), discovery may be disabled entirely. In those cases:

- Users configure router addresses explicitly.
- P2P setups typically use a **rendezvous/router** for signaling but not for data.

Language‑specific docs show how to opt into discovery helpers where they exist, and how to fall back to manual configuration when they do not.

Commit message:

feat(relay): integrate rendezvous server for WAN discovery
- Add rendezvous server to relay (enabled by default on port 7340)
- Add --rendezvous-port and --rendezvous-ttl CLI flags
- Update all examples to use relay.clasp.to instead of rendezvous.clasp.to
- Update discovery docs to reflect relay integration

docs/api/common/discovery.md, after:

## Discovery

CLASP favors **zero‑config discovery** when possible, with explicit configuration as a reliable fallback.

### LAN Discovery

Typical discovery mechanisms include:

- **mDNS/Bonjour**: `_clasp._tcp.local` service for routers on the local network.
- **UDP broadcast**: A simple discovery frame on a well‑known port (e.g. `7331`).

Routers and desktop tools can advertise themselves over mDNS and/or UDP; embedded and browser clients then:

1. Discover available routers.
2. Present choices to the user or auto‑select based on policy.

### WAN Discovery (Rendezvous)

For devices across the internet, CLASP provides a **rendezvous server** for WAN discovery. The rendezvous server is **built into the relay server** by default.

- **REST API**: Register, discover, refresh, and unregister devices via HTTP.
- **Automatic keepalive**: Clients automatically refresh their registration before TTL expires.
- **Tag filtering**: Discover devices by tag (e.g., "studio", "live", "dev").

#### Public Rendezvous Endpoint

The official CLASP relay at `relay.clasp.to` includes rendezvous:

- **WebSocket**: `wss://relay.clasp.to` (port 443)
- **Rendezvous API**: `https://relay.clasp.to/api/v1/*` (port 443)

For self-hosted relays, the rendezvous server runs on port 7340 by default:

```bash
# Start relay with rendezvous enabled (default)
clasp-relay --ws-port 7330 --rendezvous-port 7340

# Disable rendezvous
clasp-relay --rendezvous-port 0
```

#### Rendezvous Configuration

```rust
use clasp_discovery::{Discovery, DiscoveryConfig, DeviceRegistration};
use std::time::Duration;

let config = DiscoveryConfig {
    mdns: true,
    broadcast: true,
    rendezvous_url: Some("https://relay.clasp.to".into()),
    rendezvous_refresh_interval: Duration::from_secs(120), // Refresh every 2 minutes
    rendezvous_tag: Some("studio".into()), // Filter by tag
    ..Default::default()
};

let mut discovery = Discovery::with_config(config);

// Register this device with the rendezvous server
discovery.register_with_rendezvous(DeviceRegistration {
    name: "My Device".into(),
    endpoints: [("ws".into(), "wss://my-device.local:7330".into())].into(),
    tags: vec!["studio".into()],
    ..Default::default()
});
```

#### Cascade Discovery

Use `discover_all()` to try all discovery methods in sequence:

```rust
// Tries: mDNS → broadcast → rendezvous
let devices = discovery.discover_all().await?;
```

Or use `discover_wan()` for rendezvous-only discovery:

```rust
let wan_devices = discovery.discover_wan().await?;
```

### Browser Considerations

Browsers cannot do raw mDNS or arbitrary UDP:

- Browser clients usually connect to a known WebSocket endpoint (`wss://host:7330/clasp`).
- A separate discovery UI or rendezvous service can provide that endpoint.
- The rendezvous REST API is browser-accessible via fetch/XHR.

### Manual Configuration

For constrained or locked‑down environments (corporate networks, WAN scenarios), discovery may be disabled entirely. In those cases:

- Users configure router addresses explicitly.
- P2P setups typically use a **rendezvous/router** for signaling but not for data.

Language‑specific docs show how to opt into discovery helpers where they exist, and how to fall back to manual configuration when they do not.
